Tour of London
Welcome to this short tour of London
This square is Trafalgar Square and it is the middle of London
We're standing opposite the National Gallery a famous museum with lots of famous paintings
From here we'll walk along the Red Street to Buckingham Palace
The Queen lives there
Turn left and go to the houses of Parliament and Big Ben
Opposite you can see the London Eye
It takes you
135 meters above the River Thames
You can see most of London on a clear day
When you are tired the best way to see London is by boat
You can get the boat near Big Ben
As you go along the river the London Eye is on your right
Get off the boat at Tower Bridge
Next to the bridge is the Tower of London
It's over 900 years old
After visiting the Tower of London take the boat back along the river to the railway station
When you get off the boat go past the station and walk along the street
Turn left into King Street and go past a church
You're now back at the square and this is where we'll finish our tour